README.rst, before:

======
Docker
======

Formulas for working with Docker

.. note::

    See the full `Salt Formulas installation and usage instructions
    <http://docs.saltstack.com/en/latest/topics/development/conventions/formulas.html>`_.

Available states
================

.. contents::
    :local:

``docker``
----------

Install and run Docker

.. note::

    On Ubuntu 12.04 state will also update kernel if needeed
    (as mentioned in `docker installation docs <https://docs.docker.com/installation/ubuntulinux/>`_).
    You should manually reboot minions for kernel update to take affect.

``docker.registry``
-------------------

Run a Docker container to start the registry service using AWS S3 to store the images.

It requires the docker state and the `python-formula <https://github.com/TeamLovely/python-formula>`_.

``docker.compose``
------------------

Add support for using `Docker Compose <https://docs.docker.com/compose/>`_
(previously ``fig``) to define groups of containers and their relationships
with one another.

Commit message:

Squashed 'salt/formulas/docker-formula/' changes from 6409084..0af8906
0af8906 Merge pull request #44 from luciddg/python-apt
936025b Main states still need python-apt for docker package repo management
701418b Merge pull request #43 from luciddg/kernel-bug
faa167e Move kernel states outside of init and only include when necessary
1c75430 Merge pull request #42 from luciddg/41-pkg_repo_pillar
329085a Update docker package state for new repo and package name
d3574e4 Move oscodename data to new style map.jinja
cb4b95b Move toward new style map.jinja
4d66458 Merge pull request #40 from tiadobatima/master
e378a23 support for registry 2.x
a49bc50 docker daemon is now configurable
dabda8e Merge pull request #39 from tiadobatima/master
8856000 remove sqlalchemy dependency on the docker host

git-subtree-dir: salt/formulas/docker-formula
git-subtree-split: 0af89060c36822b6afb4582ca588e11333d13062

README.rst, after:

======
Docker
======

Formulas for working with Docker

.. note::

    See the full `Salt Formulas installation and usage instructions
    <http://docs.saltstack.com/en/latest/topics/development/conventions/formulas.html>`_.

Available states
================

.. contents::
    :local:

``docker``
----------

Install and run Docker

.. note::

    On Ubuntu 12.04 state will also update kernel if needeed
    (as mentioned in `docker installation docs <https://docs.docker.com/installation/ubuntulinux/>`_).
    You should manually reboot minions for kernel update to take affect.
    
    You can override the default docker daemon options by setting each line in the *"docker-pkg:lookup:config"* pillar. This effectively writes the config in */etc/default/docker*. See *pillar.example*

``docker.registry``
-------------------

Run a Docker container to start the registry service.

If *"registry:lookup:version"* pillar is either the string "latest" or not specified at all, it defaults to the "latest" image tag, which at the time of this writing is still pointing to 0.9.1, even though 2.x is out for a while. It still uses the old registry pillar configuration for backwards compatibility. See the commented out block in *pillar.example*

If *"registry:lookup:version"* is set to any other version, e.g. *2*, an image with that tag will be downloaded and the new pillar configuation should be used. See *pillar.example*.

In this case, extra *docker run* options can be provided in your *"registry:lookup:runoptions"* pillar to provide environment variables, volumes, or log configuration to the container.

By default, the storage backend used by the registry is "filesystem". Use environment variables to override that, for example to use S3 as backend storage.

``docker.compose``
------------------

Add support for using `Docker Compose <https://docs.docker.com/compose/>`_
(previously ``fig``) to define groups of containers and their relationships
with one another.
